bot : Hi There! I am a medical chatbot. You can begin conversation by typing in a message and pressing enter.
user : my name is anuj
bot : Hello! your name has been stored. What is your age?
user : my age is 23
bot : okay. your age has been stored. Which city do you live in?
user : i live in ranchi
bot : okay location stored. Welcome to medical portal. Say Hi!
user : hi
bot : Hello. How are you feeling today?
user : i have headache
bot : - what kind of headache do you have : 1. Migrane headache - intense throbbing pain on just one side of the head. 2. Cluster headaches - severe and recurrent headaches 3. Tension Headache - Ocassional;
user : tension headache
bot : - symptom noted. The cause of tension headaches is unclear, but stress, anxiety, and depression are common triggers. would you like to talk to a doctor?
user : what is coronavirus?
bot : Coronaviruses are a type of virus. There are many different kinds, and some cause disease. A newly identified coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, has caused a worldwide pandemic of respiratory illness, called COVID-19.
user : symptoms of covid-19
bot : Cough, Fever or chills, Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, Muscle or body aches, Sore throat, New loss of taste or smell, Diarrhea, Headache, Fatigue, Nausea or vomiting, Congestion or runny nose
user : prevention of coronavirus
bot : Clean your hands often. Use soap and water, or an alcohol-based hand rub.
user : i need a doctor
bot : - all doctors are attending patients. we shall revert to your request soon. Do you want to book an appointment?
user : yes
bot : okay. your age has been stored. Which city do you live in?
user : i live in ranchi
bot : okay location stored. Welcome to medical portal. Say Hi!
user : bye
bot : - Bye. Nice talking to you
user : symptoms of corona
bot : Cough, Fever or chills, Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, Muscle or body aches, Sore throat, New loss of taste or smell, Diarrhea, Headache, Fatigue, Nausea or vomiting, Congestion or runny nose
